In the previous videos read these by relations with colors but you can have all the variations that
you want.
So for example let's say that we want to sell different sizes of towels.
So we're going up and here on the left we have attributes and from here on out size it's sort of an
add something called our global attribute.
And this is going to be revealed that you can use on different products.
The sizes really come on.
That is a global attribute because for example you can see we have all of their thousands and you can
use their attributes right here.
So they have the same capital that if I were here maybe they home kids are also sell on different sizes
they candles and everything.
So we're going to create global attributes to be size in the type you can see Salei or text.
We're going to select select option and then when added attribute then we are the dreams.
So we're going to configure configured there.
You're on the right.
And I'm going to have small size me to you know size and lache So your size and they can have large
medium and has more.
So let's open in the well.
And then when I click here on April
and you can scroll up and attributes right here and you can create or load these attributes.
They do a lot but actually with that we kept hearing that it's going to be size and not for a kid you
can select or that.
So for example let's say an up and attributes let's say that we have set in these towers.
I'm going I click you don't go for your terms only on large and small so you can add something like
large and this morning and of course if you wanna meet them you can meet them right here by the fire
and I'm going to remove these.
You can click it on select all.
And this will load all that there is.
And you can actually use these for variations and say attributes
So for example if I update these and relo the front end.
Now you can see if we have size right here and you can select a large medium or a smile towel with your
right here.
So for example you can also add different prices so you can type in variations.
You know another variation you can click here and create variations on the attributes and go.
So now you can see Wickiup yellow in the small and medium Jell-O large red and the different sizes.
So for example when I click on the triangle and the Jell-O in this mall and I'm going to select these
these one said variation.
And for example Jell-O on this more it's gonna cost three and collapses.
And of course I'm not going to have all these sizes.
So click here with this one.
Maybe this one is going to be five and four of the larger version.
I'm going to have so the much and maybe it's going to be seven right here.
So you can update these and you can see I edited the Jell-O color.
So now you can reload the front and and you can see them Jell-O and you can select lache and you can
see seven medium is five.
And there's more work on these study.
So this way you saw the power of creations and how easy you can manage different sizes and colors for
your brogues and this interface is really really flexible.
So attributes in variations are really really powerful.
So and instead of adding a bunch of products using the same name and sharing the same description and
everything you can use have creation.